<!--
 Copyright (c) 2019 Emilian Roman
 
 This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
 warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
 arising from the use of this software.
 
 Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
 including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
 freely, subject to the following restrictions:
 
 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
    claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
    in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
    appreciated but is not required.
 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
    misrepresented as being the original software.
 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
-->

INITIATION TWEAKS
=================

The kernel can apply a variety of commands to the initc.txt file to:

-   customise & enhance the invocation of the HCE executable
-   improve compatibility and reliability of the SPV3.2 mode
-   customise SPV3.2 post-processing effects or disabling them
-   provide backward compatibility with SPV3.1 by unlocking the maps

PLAYER AUTO-AIM & MAGNETISM
---------------------------

These two options improve the experience of using a controller,
particularly on SPV3.1 & SPV3.2.

SPEED
-----

HCE likely won't obey this command properly; however, the kernel
supports specifying the execution speed of a campaign mission.

MOUSE ACCELERATION
------------------

Mouse acceleration can be toggled. Having it off may improve accuracy.

GAMMA
-----

Specifying a gamma to the kernel will declare the respective value in
the initiation file. This permits HCE to run at a higher brightness. If
set to 0, then HCE will run at its native brightness.

CINEMATIC BARS
--------------

The kernel can toggle cinematic bars for SPV3.1 or SPV3.2 cutscenes.

MOTION SENSOR
-------------

This is used to show or hide the SPV3.2 motion sensor. Particularly
useful when using the Photo mode in the SPV3 loader.

UNLOAD
------

This option prohibits all post-processing effects from running, by
completely unloading them at start-up. This can drastically improve
performance, and even reliability when running SPV3.2.

SHADERS
-------

SPV3.2 shaders are declared in the initiation file. Refer to the
shaders.txt documentation for further information on this.
