<!--
 Copyright (c) 2019 Emilian Roman
 
 This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
 warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
 arising from the use of this software.
 
 Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
 including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
 freely, subject to the following restrictions:
 
 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
    claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
    in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
    appreciated but is not required.
 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
    misrepresented as being the original software.
 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
-->

SPV3 RELEASE
============

This document covers the release procedure for SPV3.2. The purpose of
this document is to plan out a release that caters to both the
community's and developers' needs. To keep things simple, the release
needs to fulfil the following requirements:

-   distribution and downloading should fast, easy and resilient;
-   installation should be straightforward, robust and professional;
-   a level of cross-platform compatibility can be accomplished.

The decisions outlined here are based on community feedback, internal
discussions, and lessons learnt from the release and support of SPV3.1.

DISTRIBUTION
------------

SPV3.2 will be distributed using two methods:

-   The primary method will still be a typical download, but rather than
    rely only on MediaFire, we'll also use MEGA Google Drive, Dropbox
    and other hosts for redundancy and mirroring. The advantage of this
    is familiarity for most people.

-   BitTorrent as a fall-back. Only the torrent file will be released on
    MediaFire, and a magnet link will be provided as well. This
    effectively mitigates the problems with slow & corrupted downloads,
    due to the protocol's resilient and decentralised nature.

INSTALLATION
------------

SPV3.2's installation data will be stored in an ISO file. The ISO file
will contain the packages and the installer itself. Advantages include:

-   on modern operating systems, an ISO file does not require to be
    extracted like a 7-Zip/ZIP/RAR/SFX file would;
-   space requirements will be much lower, because extraction is not
    required to access the installer's data;
-   no AVs complain about ISO files, AVs can't delete files in ISO files
    due to their read-only nature.

A legal copy of HCE will still be required, and SPV3 will still be kept
separate from HCE. We will warn the user when they try to install SPV3
to a restricted location such as the Program Files folder.

COMPATIBILITY
-------------

SPV3.2 itself won't be officially cross-platform compatible; however,
its installer, launcher and settings programs will strive to be more
compatible on Linux distributions.

The programs will attempt to achieve compatibility by:

-   having much simpler user interfaces that WINE should handle without
    too many graphical quirks; and
-   having CLI (command line/terminal) fall-backs that Mono should
    handle with barely any problems.

All of the programs target the 4.5.\* versions of the .NET Frameworks,
thereby letting both WINE and Mono run at least HXE versions of the
programs.
