<!--
 Copyright (c) 2019 Emilian Roman
 
 This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
 warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
 arising from the use of this software.
 
 Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
 including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
 freely, subject to the following restrictions:
 
 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
    claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
    in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
    appreciated but is not required.
 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
    misrepresented as being the original software.
 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
-->

VIDEO PATCHES
=============

The HXE kernel is able to patch a detected profile's video settings for
high quality effects/textures & custom resolution.

RESOLUTION
----------

The kernel conditionally applies the resolution based on the injected
Executable object state. If a resolution is specified and is compatible
with the display HCE will run on, then the kernel will patch the profile
with that video.

If no resolution specified, or if the specified resolutio is out of
bounds with the maximum one supported by the display HCE will run on,
then the kernel will apply the display's native resolution to the
executable and profile.

UNCAP
-----

The FPS HCE runs at can be uncapped. The kernel does it by patching the
detected HCE profile with the V-Sync off option.

QUALITY
-------

The kernel can forcefully set the following video properties to the
highest levels:

-   Specular
-   Shadows
-   Deecals
-   Textures
-   Particles

GAMMA
-----

Specifying a gamma to the kernel will declare the respective value in
the initiation file. This permits HCE to run at a higher brightness. If
set to 0, then HCE will run at its native brightness.
