<!--
 Copyright (c) 2019 Emilian Roman
 
 This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
 warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
 arising from the use of this software.
 
 Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
 including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
 freely, subject to the following restrictions:
 
 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
    claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
    in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
    appreciated but is not required.
 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
    misrepresented as being the original software.
 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
-->

LOADER KERNEL
=============

The kernel is the core component of the SPV3 CLI, which is responsible
for:

1.  verifying the main assets, e.g. maps & executables; and
2.  determining the player's campaign progress for resuming; and
3.  inferring the post-processing settings and encoding them; and
4.  patching the HCE executable with Large Address Aware; and
5.  loading SPV3 with user start-up parameters for HCE.

The sections below elaborate upon the aforementioned steps.

RESUMING
--------

Resuming in SPV3.2 is accomplished by determining the last played
mission & difficulty, whose values are located in the savegame.bin
binary in the respective player profile. The values inferred from the
binary are converted and saved to the initc.txt file.

Further documentation on the aforementioned files can be found in the
initc.txt and savegame.txt documentations.

With the above in mind, the loader must conduct the following steps to
implement the resuming capability:

1.  find the savegame.bin on the filesystem, by heuristically inferring
    the player's profile location; and
2.  read the mission & difficulty data from the savemgame.bin, and
    convert the values to their initc.txt equivalents; and
3.  save the converted data to the initc.txt file, which is officially
    located in the SPV3 installation directory.

MISSIONS
--------

The following maps are dealt with by the loader for campaign resuming:

-   SPV3 A10
-   SPV3 A30
-   SPV3 A50
-   SPV3 B30
-   SPV3 B30 Evolved
-   SPV3 B40
-   SPV3 C10
-   SPV3 C20
-   SPV3 C40
-   SPV3 D20
-   SPV3 D25
-   SPV3 D30
-   SPV3 D30 Evolved
-   SPV3 D40
-   Lumoria A
-   Lumoria B
-   Lumoria C & D

To see how missions are stored in the savegame.bin and initc.txt, please
refer to the savegame.txt and initc.txt documentation, respectively.

DIFFICULTIES
------------

The difficulties are stored represented by different values in each
relevant location. We must keep in mind that SPV3 makes a slight
semantic alteration to the difficulty system: the HCE EASY difficulty is
used for the SPV3 NOBLE difficulty.

On a fundamentally technical level, nothing is changed; however, it is
important to keep that distinction in mind in the SPV3 domain's context:

  SPV3        HCE
  ----------- -----------
  Noble       Easy
  Normal      Normal
  Heroic      Heroic
  Legendary   Legendary

To see how difficulties are stored in the savegame.bin and initc.txt,
please refer to the savegame.txt and initc.txt documentation,
respectively.

PATCHING
--------

On kernel invocation, the HCE executable will be patched with Large
Address Aware:

  Offset   Value
  -------- -------
  0x136    0x2F
